*Each user story is assigned 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, or 21 story points.*

Habits

US 01.01.01
As a doer, I want to add a habit, giving it a brief title, reason, and date to start.
Story points: 5 (A fair amount of work, but seems very similar to Assignment 1.)
Risk Level: Medium (Invalid user input has to be considered to avoid possible crashing.)

US 01.02.01
As a doer, I want a habit to have a plan for what days of the week it should regularly occur.
Story points: 8 (Not a large specification, but I am unsure of how to implement it.)
Risk Level: Low (I believe there is a way to implement it to easily avoid unwanted input (checklist).)

US 01.03.01
As a doer, I want to view a given habit and its details.
Story points: 5 (A fair amount of work, but seems very similar to Assignment 1.)
Risk Level: Low (Doesn't seem to leave much room for crashing (user simply has to click an existing habit).)

US 01.04.01
As a doer, I want to edit the details of a habit of mine.
Story points: 5 (A fair amount of work, but seems very similar to Assignment 1.)
Risk Level: Medium (Invalid user input has to be considered to avoid possible crashing.)


US 01.05.01
As a doer, I want to delete a habit of mine.

For this habit, the size in story points is 1 because only 1 fragment will ever pop up. The risk level for this habit is low because it is much more
important to both add a habit and store its data in Firebase. 

US 01.06.01
As a doer, I want a habit title to be up to 20 characters and habit reason to be up to 30 characters.

For this habit, the size in story points would be 1. Only if the user enters too many characters will they get an error message. The risk level for this habit is low as most people will write in a title under 20 characters. 

US 01.07.01
As a doer, I want to see what habits I need to do today.

For this habit, the size in story points will be at least 1. This risk level for this habit is high. If you cannot see what habits you must do today, then the app loses a major part of its functionality.   

US 01.08.01
As a doer, I want to see a list of all my habits.

For this habit, the size in story points will be at least 2. This risk level for this habit is high. If you cannot list your habits then the app has almost no functionality. 

US 01.09.01
Mark 

As a doer, I want for each habit on the list, a visual indicator to show how closely I am following its plan over time.

For this habit, the size of the story points will be 2. The risk level for this habit will be medium because it is important to track your habits however the app can still function
without a visual indicator.


Habit Events

US 02.01.01
As a doer, I want to denote a habit event when I have done a habit as planned.

For this habit, the size of the story points will be at least 2. The risk level for this habit will be medium because the app is able to function without denoting a habit.

US 02.02.01
As a doer, I want a habit event to have an optional comment of up to 20 characters.

For this habit the size of the story point will be at least 1. The risk level for this habit will be low because the app can function without optional comments.


Mark

US 02.03.01
As a doer, I want a habit event to have an optional photograph to record what happened.
Story points - 5 (potentially complex to implement the functionality for allowing a user to take/select a photo)
Risk level - medium (app may crash or encounter unexpected error)
Can be released for half-way checkpoint if time permits.

US 02.04.01
As a doer, I want to view a given habit event and all its available details.
Story points - 3 (will involve fragment or new activity but similar to previous assignment(s))
Risk level - low (relatively important part of the app and should be implemented)
Should be released for half-way checkpoint.

US 02.05.01
As a doer, I want to edit the details of a habit event of mine.
Story points - 3 (will involve fragment but similar to previous assignment(s))
Risk level - low (relatively important part of the app and should be implemented)
Should be released for half-way checkpoint.

US 02.06.01
As a doer, I want to delete a habit event of mine.

Profile

US 03.01.01
As a doer, I want to be uniquely identifiable in the system.

Habit Following and Sharing

US 05.01.01
As a doer, I want to ask another doer to follow all their habits.

US 05.02.01
As a doer, I want to grant or deny another doer permission to follow all my habits.

For this habit the size of the story point will be at least 5. The risk level for this habit is high because a follow system needs permissions.

US 05.03.01
As a doer, I want to view the habits and visual indicators of the other doers I am granted to follow.

For this habit the size of the story point will be at least 2. The risk level for this habit is high because this is the basis of following someone.

Geolocation and Maps

US 06.01.01
As a doer, I want to a habit event to have an optional location to record where it happened.

For this habit the size of the story point will be at least 3. The risk level for this habit is low because the app does not need habit location info to function.
